Feedback 2020:

Srini:

He is a highly capable engineer with high integrity who always goes above/ beyond, thinks far ahead, 
is always ensuring the health of BPM for the presentand future

Put in far above the expected amount of time/ effort into releasing BPM in Production ready in May
Almost singlehandedly supported it around the clock for months

Was proactive in acquiring stats and giving full visibility into the performance / integrity of the BPM processes
Created great digestible summaries of BPM for Mgmt and tech and patiently helped understand while
the value of his hard work wasnt yet recognized

Leader of the team. Took the brunt of the difficult questions from Mgmt during the initial transiton to BPM 
Responded quickly to concerns/ made them comfortable
Helped bring the team together in the remote working when it was harder to feel like a team
Takes ownership of all the teams work and is always ready to help us 
He knows what everyone is working on and how it fits into the big picture

----------------------

Prabu:

The start of 2019, I took up the role of core calculations platform lead that was responsible in providing a uniform calculations platform, monitoring and control tools for the market risk.
While it is a broad objective, the expectations differed between the teams, like

A team would expect my focus on decomissioning something in the legacy world.
Another team would expect my focus on building seemless data access API that joins with multiple different data sets.
Another team would expect to see my focus is on production stability.
Another team would expect that I built system/framework in a way that they have very minimal effort to do on-boarding and not take up on the operational aspects.

Below are some KPIs that I personally would like to use to measure my performance in this role, and I think it aligns with firm directions categorical objectives.
Please I would like hear your feedback to find growth areas for me.

What did I do well? Specifically in delivering solutions or in establishing a procedure or setting up directions.
How good or bad was my engagement or knowledge in resolving production or urgent issues?
Did you see anytime, that I was lacking drive or motivation to lead some initiatives?
How am I handling meetigs that has cross-teams brianstorming an issue?
I'm a hands-on detail/tech guy that likes to lead - would you like to me to continue as such or become that manager

-------------
He is a very technical manager and gives great feedback, thinks of all possibilities of failure/ edge cases. 

He is very quick to contribute his extensive knowledge to anyone who needs help, on the Core team and L3 team,
 particularly during Production issues.  
 
He advocated for the team well during the roll-out of BPM and Falcon CC,
 helped extensively to convince everyone of its value 
through the sometimes rocky initial stages.

I felt he was a more high-level macro manager this year than last year in general, 
and delegated leadership/ management tasks more which 
was good for team development and individual development. And he was still very hands on in selected projects, 
particularly the KPI web services and the Marketrisk Progress web service which quickly became a huge asset that
SRE and MRMO teams quickly came to depend strongly on.


Negative:
Now that BPM is in a stable state, it might be beneficial to delegate more during Prod issues to allow others 
the chance to struggle through and learn to solve them, although it's difficult to gage 
when the Prod issue isnt so urgent
that that bit of extra time would be tolerated. 

--------------


Prabu is quick to help all the time. He helps me and everyone else on Production / support issues, and his 
extensive knowledge
and problem solving abilities make the investigation and resolution go quickly. 

 
He has been a good team leader.  Throughout the year I saw his leadership skills improve , 
 he pushed back on more of the 
requests coming into the team workload, and delegated leadershp tasks.  He prioritizes production stability 
in alignment with the broader team's goals, but divided that workload so that team members were
 still working on the team's 
strategic goals with Big data, the Falcon orchestrator and other Marie NEXT projects.
 

He is very technical and knowledgable about the system 
His code designs & solutions are innovative, and he is good at listening to us and taking our inputs. 
 

 Good at standing ground/making decisions under pressure 

 
 Prabu is quick to help all the time. He helps me and everyone else on Production /support issues. his extensive knowledge
and problem solving abilities make the investigation and resolution go quickly.  He is always sharing that knowledge/ making sure everyone involved understands what we are doing, he is a great team player across all teams.
He has been a good team leader. Through the year I saw his leadership skills improve, he pushed back on more of the requests coming into the team workload, and delegated leadershp tasks. He prioritizes production stability in alignment with the broader team's goals, but divided that workload so that team members were also working plenty on the team's strategic goals in Big data, the Falcon orchestrator and other Marie NEXT projects.
He is very technical/knowledgable about all Marie systems.
His code designs & solutions are innovative, and he always works with 
the team and takes our inputs. On the team I was free to innovate with good guidance.

 



------------------

Ranjan



-------------------------------
Nikhil

---------------------------------
Shiwangi

Shiwangi has been a great scrummaster, hosting the scrums regularly and creating/ maintaining our JIRA boards.
She was very helpful with bringing everyone onto the new JIRA board and troubleshooting issues.

She is aware of what everyone on the team is doing and gives informed suggestions on our scrum calls.
She is great at connecting the pieces everyone is working on together and understanding the big picture. 
She is the central point of communication between our team and the Bangalore onboarding teams.
She is the go-to for prod issues in BGL, and did a great job supporting BPM from BGL when it went live.

She is an excellent developer, often touching  very complex code belonging to both our team and the 
LOB teams, such as her FRTB work on Feed Gen 
and all the new calc types.  I was impressed how thorughly she tested so that everything remained stable despite the complexity.
Her work added a good amount of flexibility to the SDS configurations to allow for all the new types of 
calculations, alternate PRECALC and POSTCALC workflows, etc.
