Prabu:

The start of 2019, I took up the role of core calculations platform lead that was responsible in providing a uniform calculations platform, 
monitoring and control tools for the market risk. While it is a broad objective, the expectations differed between the teams, like

A team would expect my focus on decomissioning something in the legacy world that was replaced in MaRIE.
Another team would expect my focus on building seemless data access API that joins with multiple different data sets. 
Another team would expect to see my focus is on production stability.
Another team would expect that I built system/framework in a way that they have very minimal effort to do on-boarding and not take up on the operational aspects.

Below are some KPIs that I personally would like to use to measure my performance in this role, and I think it aligns with firm directions categorical objectives.

Please I would like hear your feedback to find growth areas for me.
What did I do well? Specifically in delivering solutions or in establishing a procedure
 that streamlined or stabilized process or setting up directions.
How good or bad was my engagement or knowledge in resolving production or urgent issues?
Did you see anytime, that I was lacking drive or motivation to lead some initiatives?
How am I handling meetigs that has cross-teams brianstorming an issue?
I'm a hands-on detail/tech guy that likes to lead - would you like to me to continue as such or become that manager



Prabu is quick to help all the time. He helps me and everyone else on Production / support issues, and his extensive knowledge
and problem solving abilities make the investigation and resolution go quickly. 

 
He has been a good team leader.  Throughout the year I saw his leadership skills improve ,  he pushed back on more of the 
requests coming into the team workload, and delegated leadershp tasks.  He prioritizes production stability 
in alignment with the broader team's goals, but divided that workload so that team members were still working on the team's 
strategic goals with Big data, the Falcon orchestrator and other Marie NEXT projects.
 

He is very technical and knowledgable about the system 
His code designs & solutions are innovative, and he is good at listening to us and taking our inputs. 
 

 Good at standing ground/making decisions under pressure 

 
 Prabu is quick to help all the time. He helps me and everyone else on Production /support issues. his extensive knowledge
and problem solving abilities make the investigation and resolution go quickly.  He is always sharing that knowledge/ making sure everyone involved understands what we are doing, he is a great team player across all teams.
He has been a good team leader. Through the year I saw his leadership skills improve, he pushed back on more of the requests coming into the team workload, and delegated leadershp tasks. He prioritizes production stability in alignment with the broader team's goals, but divided that workload so that team members were also working plenty on the team's strategic goals in Big data, the Falcon orchestrator and other Marie NEXT projects.
He is very technical/knowledgable about all Marie systems.
His code designs & solutions are innovative, and he always works with the team and takes our inputs. On the team I was free to innovate with good guidance.





-------

Srini:

1) Deliverables
2) Production stability
3) Handling meetings
4) Helping team members
5) Leading/Driving the project
6) Strategic approach to problem

A superhuman genius man with infinite great ideas ,  
extremely talented developer
innovative
great software designs 
great knowledge of technologies and always suggesting tools to help 




Business results
--


Teamwork

Client/ customer/ stakeholder


He's the core of the team, he brings everything and everyone on the team together. he was involved in everyone's work supporting them. 
He's been aware of what was going on on all sides in the SDS Framework so can often catch and foresee issues. He was the one to schedule and run
many of the meetings which kept everyone in sync in their work and priorities.
His code review sessions were well run and essential for the team's effectiveness.
He cares about making processes easier for us as well as broader team .. He wrote and shared scripts for regression and performance metrics.
He is always happy to help/ answer questions. Very reliable and responsive


His expertise/ talent in software/ code design is evident, and he is a great (and nice) critical eye in code reviews so makes the rest of the team
 better developers too. He gives thought out and very helpful feedback.
He's innovative and forward thinking. He can see problems from all angles and is always suggesting tools/ libraries 
to use to solve a problem more efficiently, particularly with the Falcon orchestrator and UI.  
His work as the project lead and developer on the Falcon orchestrator seems outstanding to me. 





He cares about making processes easier for us as well as broader team .. He wrote and shared scripts for regression and performance metrics.

Quick to help teammates

took on leadership tasks

Has been a good leader of the team 

Great at 

gives thought out and very helpful feedback in code reviews  ,  has been a significant help in 





He's the core of the team, brings everything/ everyone together. Involved in and supporting everyone's work. Aware of work on all sides in SDS Framework so can often catch and foresee issues. Ran many of the meetings which kept everyone in sync in their work/ priorities.His code review sessions were well run and essential for the team's effectiveness.
Cares about making processes easier for us as well as broader team, wrote and shared scripts for regression/ performance metrics.
Always happy to help/ answer questions. Reliable and responsive
His expertise/ talent in software/ code design is evident. Great (and nice) critical eye in code reviews so makes the rest of the team better developers too. Gives thought out/ helpful feedback.
Innovative/ forward thinking, sees problems from all angles + always suggesting tools/ libraries to use to solve a problem more efficiently, ie. with the Falcon orchestrator/ UI.
His work as the project lead/developer on the Falcon orchestrator seems outstanding






----------

Ranjan:

Will be grateful if you could provide feedback for the work that I did during my tenure in Marie Core, including Project Deliverables, 
Production Support, Teamwork and/or any other aspect that you think should be included.
As refresher my project deliverables included: Hierarchy Apis, SDS Marrs Reconciliation, MXPRerun Framework, 
KPI Portal and the initial work for the Athena web GUI.


He picked up the Athena development environment and the SDS framework quickly. Delivered a lot of buisiness functionality.
I appreciate the comments/  documentation in his code, 
its much better than most others' and makes it easy to understand/ work with. 
He's a good team player, he helped me a lot to get started on the Falcon UI development,
 he spent time and a number of sessions with me transfering the knowledge he acquired on the web tools/ libraries.
He pointed me (and other members) to the most helpful training resources and
 made it quicker and smoother for me to get started on the web app than it would have been.
It was a lot of learning of new libraries / language in a short time 
(React, typescript, Athena web framework, dagre). He learned the basics of the dagre graph library
and made the call to go with that option which is working out really well.
He has been very helpful with questions on that and on the MXP rerun framework, he was always quick to help with that.



----------------------------

Swathi:












------------------------------------------
Shiwangi:

Business results
--


Teamwork

Client/ customer/ stakeholder
