design patterns and architecture. i've seen vijay and Alex do things and I feel like I've picked up enough knowledge from them where i want to take on more complex tasks.
Example: Reorganizing configs. 


I look for whats exciting to me. And what's difficult.  
Credit muni project was exciting because i was doing technical tasks and also feel like i had some ownership of the whole project.
I like this team because I like the T-shaped developer idea. I want to be a part of the requirements, management, and coding.  I felt like that on the Credit Muni project.

Things that excite me:
Reorganizing configs. 
The idea of making a Deal schema wrapper and fitting it in properly excites me.  And fixing ratesmdlpositionsprocessor in a smarter way.  
Planning out projects/ tasks in a structured way with Scrum boards. Its hard with changing requirements, but I think we can do a better job at planning projects, like we started doing at the end of the year.  I like how Alex does it, keeps track of everything there.

I dont understand enough about the next steps in Rates, but I would like to do more than reconciling attributes with Marrs.
I said this last year and it still applies - I want some tasks in the Chronos space. I really have no idea what their work looks like and I'm interested.  

I no longer have the desire to dive deep into Finance stuff, but I do plan on spending at least 2 hours a week on training( 1 finance 1 technical). I did not make as much progress last year on that as I'd wanted to. I have high level understandings but don't understand much to the point where I can clearly communicate it, as I discovered when trying to explain concepts to Sam. 

Better testing.  I did better than 2016 but want to get better.



Vadim / Vijay:
Ii'm good at absorbing things and then applying them
I was helpful to QR with MGG submissions.  Prompt etc.
I need to escalate Marrs stuff more, rather than doing it myself

I need to get better at Jiras.  Milestone = able to challenge my users about why they want something

Vadim says I project confidence
